Transpose Address Form to VTEX IO scaffolding and configuration (#133)
vtex/address-form: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- Transpose library to VTEX IO scaffolding and configuration

> - Add `Shapes`, `helpers`, `components` and `inputs` exports to beb imported by vtex io components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `Shapes`, `helpers`, `components` and `inputs` exports to be imported by VTEX IO apps
```

Reviewer 2: :lemg:
